# HA 13

## Assignment

U. 3  'My Next Slide Shows...',  Ex.1/23,  2-4/24,  4-5/26-27,  9-10/28

Video: How to Make a Good ppt Presentation (Tips). Task 1: Watch the video and write down 5 most useful tips

## Solution

### Ex 3/24

1. On the next page **f** you will see a photo of the new XTK model.
2. My next slide shows **e** at the figures on the next page.
3. As you can see **c** how much the market has changed.
4. Let me just show you some **g** interesting details.
5. To illustrate this **d** I’ll show you our latest poster.
6. Let’s now have a closer look **b** customers have complained about the service.
7. Here we can see how many **a** from this picture, the design is absolutely new.
8. I have a slide **h** which shows the market development in 2005.

### Ex 4/24

1. 251 - Two hundred and fifty-one
2. 7,489 - Seven thousand, four hundred and eighty-nine
3. 3.8 billion - Three point eight billion
4. €49 million - Forty-nine million euros
5. $19.62 - Nineteen dollars and sixty-two cents
6. 2/3 - Two thirds
7. 175 \( m^2 \) - One hundred and seventy-five square meters
8. 1,240,000 - One million, two hundred and forty thousand
9. 7.2 - Seven point two

### Ex 9

1. What I’d like to do **e** is discuss the latest sales figures.
2. I’d like to highlight the **a** important advertising is for us.
3. So, what are the reasons **b** for our success?
4. I’d like to point out how **d** turnover last year was excellent.
5. It’s interesting to note that **c** this model is selling quite well in the US.
6. I should repeat that our **f** is the quality of these programs?
7. What we can’t do is **g** main problem areas.
8. So, just how good **h** increase our budget.

### Ex 10

1. What we should remember is that this chemical process is **absolutely necessary**.
2. It’s **surprisingly good** to improve the quality of our products if we want to win new customers.
3. This is a **highly interesting** point.
4. You will be pleased to hear that our turnover last month was **absolutely safe*.
5. Unfortunately, we found that some of the test results are **completely useless**.
6. I’m pleased to say that the crash test shows that this system is **extremely dangerous**.
7. Right now this item only costs $1.50 – I think that’s **incredibly cheap**.

### Additional task

1. Formulate content as a narrative
2. Pick a color scheme
3. Desigh slide background
4. Start with strong opening
5. Collect relevant data
