# HA 11

## Assignment

Textbook: English for Presentations
U. 2 'Today's Topic Is...'    Ex.7-9/19,  Ex.10/20,  Ex.11-13/21

## Solution

### Ex 7/19

1. Let me now summarize the **main points**.
2. We will be **discussing** our sales targets today.
3. In my talk I’ll **inform** you about new marketing techniques.
4. Before I move on, let me just **sum up** what I’ve said so far.
5. I think we have **covered** everything for today.
6. OK, that’s all I **wanted** to say about time management.
7. This **leads** directly to my second point.
8. Let’s go **back** to what I said at the beginning of my presentation.

### Ex 8/19

1. As I mentioned before, we have no budget for new software this year.
2. As you all know, Tony Dale is the new marketing manager for print media.
3. As I pointed out at the beginning of my talk, we can't operate from the local airport because we have no permission.
4. As I explained ten minutes ago, we need to choose between two options.
5. As you can see on the slide, sales have increased by 10% since the beginning of the year.

### Ex 10/20

1. As you probably know, we **are having** difficulties with our new men’s cosmetic line.
2. I’d like to quickly **identify** the problems and then make some suggestions on how we can **cope** with the consequences.
3. We’ve been trying to **deal** with these problems – the delays, the poor quality – all along, but so far we’ve not been able to find ways to **prevent** them from happening again.
4. If we **don't solve** our supply problems within the next two weeks, we **will run** into serious trouble with respect to our Christmas business.
5. It’s clear we can no longer continue to **accept** these conditions.

### Ex 11/21

1. How are we going to **tackle** delivery problems?
2. I don’t think we can **cope** with fewer people.
3. We think it’s important to **identify** the problems now.
4. Who will **deal** with our business clients?
5. We have been trying to **solve** the software problem.
6. Before we go on, let’s **clarify** this question.

### Ex 12/21

1. I’ll give you an overview of some figures **regarding** car exports.
2. **Moreover**, I’d like to tell you something about the new software.
3. Let’s now turn to the next question which **concerns** customer service.
4. **Apart from** a few spelling mistakes, the new brochure is very good.
5. Let me give you some details **concerning** our Chinese factory.
6. **According to** the handbook, the scanner is user-friendly.

### Ex 13/21

1. Let's now move to the next point on our agenda.
2. As you all know, today's topic is globalization.
3. My aim is to inform you about the latest developments.
4. Additionally, we will be discussing the most important figures.
5. I'll give you a brief overview as I said earlier.
6. According to our study, customers are satisfied with this.
