# HA 10

## Assignment

Watch the Video: 'Cashless and Staffless Shops' - write down 10 sentences to explan the purchasing process.

Grammar: Indefinite pronouns SOME and ANY (attached)- learn the rules on p.126. Ex.63.1-63.3/127

## Solution

### Video

The operations of most stores are fairly uniform, involving a process where customers register through a mobile application. Upon entering, individuals are at liberty to select items of their choice, scanning them either with their personal devices or at designated checkout zones. Subsequently, a cashless transaction is conducted, allowing the purchasers to depart with their acquisitions. Nonetheless, each establishment bears its distinct characteristics. The first store, aptly designated as a 'general-purpose store,' offers a standard array of merchandise without any particularly remarkable products and operates without on-site personnel. The second establishment, a café, introduces an innovative ordering system through voice recognition, followed by the preparation of your order by staff. Payments are processed upon exit. The final store is characterized by its mobility, equipped with wheels and operated remotely. Its design is futuristic, with the intent to eventually function autonomously. This nomadic store seeks out densely populated regions, thereby catering to areas with a high demand for retail services.

### Ex 63.1

1. She's going on holiday with some friends in August.
2. I'm sure he doesn't have any evidence for his accusations.
3. There was never any question that she would return home.
4. Wasn't there any problem about your tax last year? I remember you telling me about it.
5. It is reported that there has been some improvement in the President's condition.
6. There is seldom any world news in "The Daily Star."
7. I hope there wasn't any damage to your car.
8. Joan's mother scarcely ever let her have any friends round.
9. 'I'm going on holiday next week.' 'But haven't you got some important work to finish?'
10. There can hardly be any doubt that he is the best tennis player in the world.

### Ex 63.2

1. Any bicycles parked in this area will be removed by the police.
2. If you have any old books that you don't want, could you bring them into school?
3. The chemicals need to be handled with care as some give off poisonous fumes.
4. Any of the money collected will go to helping children with heart disease.
5. She lives some distance away from the nearest town.
6. Any of his paintings, even the smallest, would today sell for thousands of pounds.
7. Although he was born in Spain, some of his earlier poems were written in French.
8. You'll like this new ice cream. Shall I save some for you?
9. Some large wild animals should be treated with care. They can all hurt people if they are frightened.
10. I haven't been here for some years.
11. Can you get some milk when you're out shopping?
12. To get to town you can catch any of the buses that go along New Street. It doesn't matter what number it is.
13. Any students who are late will not be allowed to take the exam.

### Ex 63.3

1. While you're making dinner, I'll get on with **something** else.
2. He didn't want **anything** to do with the arrangements for the party.
3. Diane knew she was **somewhere** in the park, but not exactly where.
4. He thought the bad weather was **something** to do with all the satellites in space.
5. Hardly **anyone** turned up to the meeting.
6. We don't think there's **anything** wrong with her reading ability.
7. I looked all over the house for her, but I couldn't find her **anywhere**.
8. She was a teacher from **somewhere** near Frankfurt.
9. I couldn't think of **anything** else to buy.
10. After the accident Paul didn't go **anywhere** near a horse for two years.
11. I wish there had been **someone** there with a camera.
12. Perhaps there's **something** wrong with the car.
13. I've borrowed John's binoculars. If **anything** happens to them, he'll be really angry.
